Update `!store` YAML function. Introduce `atmos.Store` template function (#1204)
cloudposse/atmos: website/docs/core-concepts/stacks/templates/functions/atmos.Store.mdx

    base_path: "components/terraform"

stacks:
  base_path: "stacks"
  included_paths:
    - "deploy/**/*"
  excluded_paths:
    - "**/_defaults.yaml"
  name_template: "{{ .vars.stage }}"

logs:
  file: "/dev/stderr"
  level: Info

# `Go` templates in Atmos manifests
templates:
  settings:
    enabled: true
    evaluations: 1
    sprig:
      enabled: true
    gomplate:
      enabled: true

stores:
  redis:
    type: redis
    # The ATMOS_REDIS_URL environment variable will be used if
    # no URL is specified in the options
```
</File>

### Configure Atmos stacks and components

<File>
```yaml
vars:
  stage: nonprod

components:
  terraform:
    component-1:
      vars:
        # Use the static (hardcoded) stack name `prod`
        cidr: '{{ atmos.Store "redis" "prod" "vpc" "cidr" }}'
        # Using the template identifier `.stack` allows specifying the current stack name `nonprod` w/o hardcoding it
        c_d: '{{ (atmos.Store "redis" .stack "c2" "map").c.d }}'
        # Use the Atmos section `.vars.stage` for the stack name
        c_e: '{{ (atmos.Store "redis" .vars.stage "c2" "map").c.e }}'
        # The `!template` YAML function converts the JSON-encoded string into a map

>         c: !template '{{ (atmos.Store "redis" .stack "c2" "map").c | toJSON }}'

Reviewer: Use meaningful key names in examples not just random foo.

```yaml
vars:
  cidr: 172.16.0.0/16
  defaults:
    account_id: 987654321
    team: networking
  instance_count: 2
  lambda_environment:
    ENGINE_CONFIG_JSON: |
      {
        "cidr": "172.16.0.0/16",
        "defaults": {"account_id":987654321,"team":"networking"},
        "subnets_count": 3
      }
  subnets_count: 3
  stage: nonprod
```
</Terminal>

## Using `atmos.Store` function in YAML multi-line strings

You can use the `atmos.Store` template function in [YAML multi-line strings](https://yaml-multiline.info/)
at any position inside a string:

<File>
```yaml
components:
  terraform:
    component-1:
      vars:
        lambda_environment:
          ENGINE_CONFIG_JSON: |
            {
                "cidr": '{{ atmos.Store "redis" "prod" "vpc" "cidr" }}',
                "defaults": {{ (atmos.Store "redis" .stack "config" "config_map").defaults | toJSON }},
                "subnets_count": {{ (atmos.Store "redis" .stack "config" "config_map").vpc_config.subnets_count }}
            }
```
</File>

This is one of the key reasons to prefer using the `atmos.Store` template function over the
[`!store` YAML function](/core-concepts/stacks/yaml-functions/store).

> The `!store` YAML function is generally recommended for its simpler, more readable syntax, and it doesn't involve `Go`
> templates — which come with their own advantages and trade-offs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip
The [`!store` YAML function](/core-concepts/stacks/yaml-functions/store) is generally preferred for its simpler, more readable syntax and for avoiding the complexity of `Go` templates. However, it is less flexible than the `{{ atmos.Store }}` template function. Template functions can reduce readability and are more prone to misuse, potentially resulting in malformed YAML.
:::
```
